{"title":"A brimful of family drama hits the stage at the Citadel","body":"A brimful of family drama hits the stage at the Citadel\nBack to video\nThe traditional Indian technique that sees parents pick partners for their children is at the heart of the 100-minute, one-act, which kicks off Oct. 24 in the Shoctor Theatre. Originally written and performed by Toronto theatre artist Ravi Jain and his mom, Asha Jain, the play sees mother and son debate whether arranged marriages are a better choice than so-called love marriages.\nThe play is rooted in the reality of the Jain household, circa 2007. According to her faith, Asha is unable to move to the next stage of her life until her 27-year-old son is married.\nBut Ravi has just graduated from theatre school and is establishing himself professionally. He doesnt want to get married, at least not yet. While his parents emigrated from India to Toronto after marrying as per their familys wishes, Ravi was born and raised in a Western culture. He has no interest in having his parents pick his bride.\nAdvertisement\nThis advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nArticle content continued\nBut Asha is crafty. When Ravi announces he will travel to India to teach a workshop, his parents plan a trip at the same time, ambushing Ravi with potential brides.\nThe result is revealed in A Brimful of Asha, performed by mother and son in nearly 40 cities around the world since its debut in 2012. Indeed, the Citadels version is only the second time that the show has featured different actors. (Asha decided to take a break after a production in Australia, and then COVID-19 struck, making it risky for her to travel although there is talk of a 10-year anniversary show).\nNimet Kanji plays Asha in Brimful of Asha at the Citadel Theatre. Handout photo\nPhoto by Janice Saxon\n/\njpg\nThere are other COVID-19-related changes. Ravi and Asha usually greet theatregoers warmly at the door with handshakes, and a big tr","description":"The Netflix series, Indian Matchmaking, is a ratings hit in India, and has trumped viewership for most other romance reality shows in Canada.","source":"lacombeglobe","url":"http://lacombeglobe.com/entertainment/local-arts/a-brimful-of-family-drama-hits-the-stage-at-the-citadel"}