{"title":"India hosts meeting of SCO Ministers handling economy and foreign trade","body":"WhatsApp\n\nNew Delhi: India today hosted the 19th Meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Ministers responsible for Foreign Economy and Foreign Trade Activities.\nIn his opening remarks, Minister of Commerce and Industry Shri Piyush Goyal said that the current crisis due to Covid-19 is a clarion call to the SCO countries to leverage the economic strength and explore partnerships that enhance trade and investment in the region. He said that cooperation should be continued to enhance intra-SCO trade and investment which would be critical in ensuring the speedy recovery from the aftermath of the pandemic. Shri Goyal said that every nations world view is shaped by its civilization and philosophical tradition. Indias ancient wisdom sees the world as one family  Vasudeva Kutumbakam, he aadded.\nMinister of State for Commerce and Industry Shri Hardeep Singh Puri also spoke on the occasion. The virtual meeting was attended by the Secretary General of SCO and Ministers from, Kyrgyz Republic, Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Russia, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.\nIn the meeting four documents were adopted. These were:-\nStatement on the response to Covid-19. It reinforces the need for greater cooperation for access to medicines and facilitation of trade.\nStatement on the Multilateral Trading System of Ministers of SCO Countries who are WTO Members. This statement highlights the importance of the rules based multilateral negotiations.\nStatement on SCO Cooperation on Intellectual Property Rights (IPR). It relates to cooperation of intellectual property and include sharing information/experience on legislation and enforcement, cooperation in international organisations and other areas.\nAction Plan for Implementation of MOU to stimulate cooperation within the framework of SCO in the field of MSMEs. It looks at number of areas of cooperation","description":" New Delhi: India today hosted the 19th Meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Ministers responsible for Foreign Economy and Foreign Trade Activities. In his opening remarks, ","source":"orissadiary","url":"https://orissadiary.com/india-hosts-meeting-of-sco-ministers-handling-economy-and-foreign-trade/"}